Introduce Coinbase Wallet web3 provider and authentication strategy (#1483)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/javascript/user/create-metadata.mdx

  - `web3Wallet`
  - `string`

>   The Web3 wallet address that the user is looking to authenticate with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Web3 wallet address, made up of 0x + 40 hexadecimal characters.
```
